Unify NSUserDefaults keys (#2013)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 3.1.1 (In development)

### App Center

> * **[Improvement]** Use standartised `NSUserDefaults` keys

Reviewer: Can it be breaking change? Dot at the end, add more details about prefix etc

Author: Why it's a breaking change if we have migration?

Reviewer: Dot at the end, add more details about prefix etc

> * **[Improvement]** Use standartised `NSUserDefaults` keys with the prefix **MSAppCenter** for all the keys used in the SDK.

Reviewer 2: How about?
```suggestion
* **[Improvement]** Use namespaced `NSUserDefaults` keys with the **MSAppCenter** prefix for all the keys set by the SDK. Fixed a few missing namespace.
```

> * **[Improvement]** Use namespaced `NSUserDefaults` keys with the **MSAppCenter** prefix for all the keys set by the SDK. Fixed a few missing namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Improvement]** Use namespaced `NSUserDefaults` keys with the **MSAppCenter** prefix for all the keys set by the SDK. Fixed a few keys missing namespace.
```

> * **[Improvement]** Use namespaced `NSUserDefaults` keys with the **MSAppCenter** prefix for all the keys set by the SDK. Fixed a few keys missing namespace.

Reviewer: Move to the next version
